[REF] l10n_au_keypay: remove au dependency (#7276)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/finance/fiscal_localizations/new_zealand.rst

===========
New Zealand
===========

.. _new-zealand/employment-hero:

> Employment Hero New Zealand Payroll
> ===================================

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Employment Hero Payroll
=======================
```

> If your business is already up and running with `Employment Hero <https://employmenthero.com/>`_,
> you can use our connector as an alternative payroll solution.

Reviewer: I'd rather link our employment hero doc here and remove the seealso section, wdyt?

```suggestion
If your business is already up and running with :doc:`Employment Hero <employment_hero>`, you can
use our connector as an alternative payroll solution.
```
